Update contribution guide, add code of conduct (#32)
CrowdStrike/community: docs/pages/contributing.md

---

> title: Contributing to a Project

Author: ```suggestion
title: Contributing
```

---

> title: Contributing to a Project

Reviewer: Let's keep this as `Contributing` as it is pretty standard across all open source projects.

description: Guidance for Contributing to CrowdStrike Open Source Projects
permalink: /contributing/

layout: post
sidenav: contributing
subnav:
  - text: Welcome
    href: '#welcome'
  - text: How do I make a contribution?
    href: '#how-do-i-make-a-contribution'
  - text: Where can I go for help?
    href: '#where-can-i-go-for-help'
  - text: What does the Code of Conduct mean for me?
    href: '#what-does-the-code-of-conduct-mean-for-me'
---

# Welcome!

> CrowdStrike is still new to open source ourselves, and we recognize contributing to a project is no small feat! The guidance here aspires to help onboard new community members into how CrowdStrike-led projects tend to operate, and by extension, make the contribution process easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome and thank you for your interest in contributing to a CrowdStrike project! We recognize contributing to a project is no small feat! The guidance here aspires to help onboard new community members into how CrowdStrike-led projects tend to operate, and by extension, make the contribution process easier.
```

Let's make the first sentence more welcoming and not about our new-ness as we won't always be new. While tru right now, it is a little odd to make new-ness the first sentence.

# How do I make a contribution?

> Never made an open source contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in CrowdStrike projects? Here's a quick rundown!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never made an open source contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in CrowdStrike projects? Here is a quick rundown!
```

While contractions are part of the english language, IMO it is better not to have them in web content for clarity.

> 1. Find an issue that you are interested in addressing or a feature you would like to add. These are often documented in the project repositories themselves, frequently in the `issues` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find an issue that you are interested in addressing, or a feature you would like to add. These are often documented in the project repositories themselves, frequently in the `issues` section.
```

2. Fork the repository associated with project to your GitHub account. This means that you will have a copy of the repository under *your-GitHub-username/repository-name*. 

>    Guidance on how to fork a repository can be found here:
> [https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Guidance on how to fork a repository can be found at [https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository).
```

Author: Sure. Note GitHub automatically turns URLs into clickable links.

3. Clone the repository to your local machine using ``git clone https://github.com/github-username/repository-name.git``.

    GitHub provides documentation on this process, including screenshots, here:
[https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository#about-cloning-a-repository](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository#about-cloning-a-repository)

> 4. Create a new branch for your changes. This ensures your modifications can be uniquely identified. A local development branch can be created by running a command similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a new branch for your changes. This ensures your modifications can be uniquely identified and can help prevent rebasing and history problems. A local development branch can be created by running a command similar to:
```

    ``git checkout -b BRANCH-NAME-HERE``

> 5. Make the appropriate changes for the issue you are trying to address or the feature you'd like to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make the appropriate changes for the issue you are trying to address or the feature you would like to add.
```

> 6. Add the file contents of the changed files to the "snapshot" git uses to manage the state of the project (also known as the index). Here's the git command that will add your changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add the file contents of the changed files to the "snapshot" git uses to manage the state of the project (also known as the index). Here is the git command that will add your changes:
```

    ``git add insert-paths-of-changed-files-here``

7. Use `git commit` to store the contents of the index with a descriptive message. This message should outline what was changed. For example:

    ``git commit -m "Added Dockerfile for Ubuntu-based deployments"``

> 8. Push your local changes back to gihub.com:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Push your local changes back to your account on github.com:
```

    ``git push origin BRANCH-NAME-HERE``

> 9. Submit a pull request to the upstream project. Documentation on this process, including screen shots, can be found here:
> 
> [https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Submit a pull request to the upstream project. Documentation on this process, including screen shots, can be found at [https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)
```

10. Once submitted, a maintainer will review your pull request. They may ask for additional changes, or clarification, so keep an eye out for communication! GitHub automatically sends an email to your email address whenever someone comments on your pull request.

> 11. Celebrate your contribution after your pull request is merged! All changes move the project forward, and we thank you for helping the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. While not all pull requests may be merged, celebrate your contribution whether or not your pull request is merged! All changes move the project forward, and we thank you for helping the community!
```

I am not sure how to say this better, but I feel like we need to acknowledge in some way that some PRs might not get merged.

## Rebase Early, Rebase Often!
Projects tend to move at a fast pace, which means your fork may become behind upstream. Keeping your local fork in sync with upstream is called `rebasing`. This ensures your local copy is frequently refreshed with the latest changes from the community. 

> Frequenty rebasing is *strongly* encouraged. If your local copy falls to far behind, you may encounter merge conflicts when submitting pull request. If this happens, you'll have to triage (often by hand!) the differents in your local repository versus the changes upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frequenty rebasing is *strongly* encouraged. If your local copy falls to far behind, you may encounter merge conflicts when submitting pull request. If this happens, you will have to triage (often by hand!) the differences in your local repository versus the changes upstream.
```

> * Documentation on how to sync/rebase your fork can be found here:
> [https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/syncing-a-fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/syncing-a-fork)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Documentation on how to sync/rebase your fork can be found at [https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/syncing-a-fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/syncing-a-fork)
```

> * For handling merge conflicts, refer to:
> [https://opensource.com/article/20/4/git-merge-conflict](https://opensource.com/article/20/4/git-merge-conflict)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For handling merge conflicts, refer to [https://opensource.com/article/20/4/git-merge-conflict](https://opensource.com/article/20/4/git-merge-conflict)
```
